{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/README.md, before:

# {{ cookiecutter.project_name }}

*{{ cookiecutter.author_name }}, {% now 'local', '%d/%m/%Y' %}*

{{ cookiecutter.description }}

## Setup

{% if cookiecutter.package_manager == "conda" -%}
Create a conda environment with all the required packages: 
```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```
Switch to the new environment:
```
conda activate {{cookiecutter.repo_name}}
```
{% elif cookiecutter.package_manager == "pip" -%}
Create an isolated environment using your preferred solution 
(`venv`, `pipenv`,...) and install the required package: 
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
{% endif %}

## Project structure
```
.
{% if cookiecutter.package_manager == "conda" -%}
├── environment.yml    <- The conda file for reproducing the analysis    
|                         environment.
{%- elif cookiecutter.package_manager == "pip" %}
├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis 
|                         environment.
{%- endif %} 
{% if cookiecutter.license != "No license file" -%}
├── LICENSE
{%- endif %}
├── README.md          <- The top-level README
{%- if cookiecutter.workflow_automation == "Python" %}
├── run.py             <- script that runs the full analysis
{%- elif cookiecutter.workflow_automation == "Snakemake" %}
├── Snakefile          <- script with options for running the final analysis
{%- elif cookiecutter.workflow_automation == "Make" %}
├── Makefile           <- script that runs the full analysis
{%- endif %}
├── data
|   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
│   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks
├── output             
|   ├── models         <- Serialized models, predictions, model summaries.
|   └── visualizations <- Graphics created during analysis.
{%- if cookiecutter.project_report == "Yes" %}
├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
{%- endif %}
└── src                <- Source code for this project
    ├── __init__.py    <- Makes this a python module
```
    
{% if cookiecutter.license != "No license file" -%}
## License

This project is distributed under the  {{ cookiecutter.license }} license.
{%- endif %}

Commit message:

dynamic readme for structure working

{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/README.md, after:

# {{ cookiecutter.project_name }}

*{{ cookiecutter.author_name }}, {% now 'local', '%d/%m/%Y' %}*

{{ cookiecutter.description }}

## Setup

{% if cookiecutter.package_manager == "conda" -%}
Create a conda environment with all the required packages: 
```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```
Switch to the new environment:
```
conda activate {{cookiecutter.repo_name}}
```
{% elif cookiecutter.package_manager == "pip" -%}
Create an isolated environment using your preferred solution 
(`venv`, `pipenv`,...) and install the required package: 
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
{% endif %}

## Project structure
```
.
{% if cookiecutter.package_manager == "conda" -%}
├── environment.yml          <- The conda file for reproducing the analysis    
|                         environment.
{%- elif cookiecutter.package_manager == "pip" %}
├── requirements.txt         <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis 
|                         environment.
{%- endif %} 
{% if cookiecutter.license != "No license file" -%}
├── LICENSE
{%- endif %}
├── README.md                <- The top-level README
{%- if cookiecutter.workflow_automation == "Python" %}
├── run.py                   <- script that runs the full analysis
{%- elif cookiecutter.workflow_automation == "Snakemake" %}
├── Snakefile                <- script with options for running the final analysis
{%- elif cookiecutter.workflow_automation == "Make" %}
├── Makefile                 <- script that runs the full analysis
{%- endif %}
├── data
|   ├── interim              <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
│   ├── processed            <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw                  <- The original, immutable data dump.
├── notebooks                <- Jupyter notebooks
├── output             
|   ├── models               <- Serialized models, predictions, model summaries.
|   └── visualization        <- Graphics created during analysis.
{%- if cookiecutter.project_report == "Yes" %}
├── reports                  <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
{%- endif %}
└── src                         <- Source code for this project
{%- if cookiecutter.src_structure == "Less" %}
    └── __init__.py          <- Makes this a python module
{%- elif cookiecutter.src_structure == "More" %}
    ├── __init__.py          <- Makes this a python module
    ├── data                 <- Scripts to download or generate data
    |   └── make_dataset.py  
{%- endif %}
```
    
{% if cookiecutter.license != "No license file" -%}
## License

This project is distributed under the  {{ cookiecutter.license }} license.
{%- endif %}
